Add `logfire.instrument_system_metrics()` (#373)
pydantic/logfire: docs/integrations/system_metrics.md

By default, **Logfire** does not collect system metrics.
The [`logfire.instrument_system_metrics()`][logfire.Logfire.instrument_system_metrics] method can be used to collect system metrics with **Logfire**, such as CPU and memory usage.

To enable metrics, you need to install the `logfire[system-metrics]` extra:
## Installation

Install `logfire` with the `system-metrics` extra:

{{ install_logfire(extras=['system-metrics']) }}

> ### Available Metrics

Author: This section was not very informative, and is even less useful now that the full config dict is documented. In the future I'd like to add a section documenting each metric in more detail, but it's not a priority.

import logfire

logfire.configure()

logfire.instrument_system_metrics()
```

Then in your project, click on 'Dashboards' in the top bar, click 'New Dashboard', and select 'Basic System Metrics' from the dropdown.

## Configuration

> By default, `instrument_system_metrics` collects only the metrics it needs to display the 'Basic System Metrics' dashboard. You can choose exactly which metrics to collect and how much data to collect about each metric. The default is equivalent to this:

Author: The current 'Basic System Metrics' dashboard template won't work with this new set of reduced metrics. I will create a PR with a new template. That PR will need to be ready to merge before these changes can be merged, and it should be deployed approximately when this is released.

When users upgrade the SDK, system metrics will stop being collected, if they were being collected at all. Since their collection was the implicit default, we can't warn them about this in code, and must rely on the changelog and announcements in slack. If the only thing that users do is add `logfire.instrument_system_metrics()` then existing basic system metrics dashboards will still not work, so we need to make it clear that they also need to switch to the new template.

The old template is still useful though, because it works with OTEL conventions, so system metrics collected by means other than the logfire SDK can be used with the old template. So we should keep and document both. We need to figure out how to name them to clarify the difference, e.g. 'Basic System Metrics (Logfire)' and 'Basic System Metrics (OpenTelemetry)'.

Author: PR here: https://github.com/pydantic/platform/pull/3838

```py
logfire.instrument_system_metrics({

>     'system.cpu.simple_utilization': None,

Author: This is a new metric I will implement. It's similar to `system.cpu.utilization` but without any attributes, meaning just one data point per export instead of one data point per CPU core per CPU state. It'll just be the sum of 'busy' states and the average over all cores.

In the future we might want to add similar metrics which have a single attribute, e.g. `simple_utilization_by_cpu` and `simple_utilization_by_mode`, to get more detail without multiplying the number of rows. Not a priority right now.

I'm a little hesitant to create new metric names under the official `system.cpu.` namespace, but it seems probably OK. My impression from https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/general/metrics/ and https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/system/system-metrics/ was that this was better than adding a `logfire.` prefix.

Reviewer: Can you add a pop over explaining what `None` means or linking to the description below.

    'system.memory.utilization': ['available'],
    'system.swap.utilization': ['used'],
})
```

> To collect lots of detailed data about all available metrics, use `logfire.instrument_system_metrics(base='full')`. This is equivalent to:

Reviewer: Maybe good to have a warning here saying roughly how many metrics this will generate, and that that might be expensive if run full time, especially on multiple machines.

logfire.configure()

logfire.instrument_system_metrics()
```

Then in your project, click on 'Dashboards' in the top bar, click 'New Dashboard', and select 'Basic System Metrics (Logfire)' from the dropdown.

## Configuration

By default, `instrument_system_metrics` collects only the metrics it needs to display the 'Basic System Metrics (Logfire)' dashboard. You can choose exactly which metrics to collect and how much data to collect about each metric. The default is equivalent to this:

```py
logfire.instrument_system_metrics({
    'system.cpu.simple_utilization': None,  # (1)!
    'system.memory.utilization': ['available'],
    'system.swap.utilization': ['used'],
})
```

1. `None` simply means that there are no fields to configure for this metric.

To collect lots of detailed data about all available metrics, use `logfire.instrument_system_metrics(base='full')`.

!!! warning
    The amount of data collected by `base='full'` can be expensive, especially if you have many servers,
    and this is easy to forget about. Be sure to monitor your usage and costs.

    The most expensive metrics are `system.cpu.utilization/time` which collect data for each core and each mode,

>     and `system.disk.*` which collect data for each disk device. This can result in hundreds of data points per minute.
>     The exact number depends on your machine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    and `system.disk.*` which collect data for each disk device. The exact number depends on the machine hardware,
    but this can result in hundreds of data points per minute from each instrumented host.
```

    'system.swap.utilization': ['used'],
    'system.disk.io': ['read', 'write'],
    'system.disk.operations': ['read', 'write'],
    'system.disk.time': ['read', 'write'],
    'system.network.dropped.packets': ['transmit', 'receive'],
    'system.network.packets': ['transmit', 'receive'],
    'system.network.errors': ['transmit', 'receive'],
    'system.network.io': ['transmit', 'receive'],
    'system.thread_count': None,
    'process.runtime.memory': ['rss', 'vms'],
    'process.runtime.cpu.time': ['user', 'system'],
    'process.runtime.gc_count': None,
    'process.runtime.thread_count': None,
    'process.runtime.cpu.utilization': None,
    'process.runtime.context_switches': ['involuntary', 'voluntary'],
    'process.open_file_descriptor.count': None,
})
```

Each key here is a metric name. The values have different meanings for different metrics. For example, for `system.cpu.utilization`, the value is a list of CPU modes. So there will be a separate row for each CPU core saying what percentage of time it spent idle, another row for the time spent waiting for IO, etc. There are no fields to configure for `system.thread_count`, so the value is `None`.

> The first dict argument is merged with the base. For example, if you want to collect disk read operations (but not writes) you can write:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For convenient customizability, the first dict argument is merged with the base. For example, if you want to collect disk read operations (but not writes) you can write:
```
